Add sandbox projects to enable quick start with the project (#44)
kyma-incubator/documentation-component: README.md

  yarn add @kyma-project/documentation-component
  ```

> ## Quick start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Quick start
```

Author: why? it is separate section and not a subsection of installation

Reviewer: I added it to be compliant with the template we use. Perhaps you can add it as a subsection to a different section if it fits better somewhere else.

> To quickly start playing with Documentation Component, use one of below sandboxes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To quickly start playing with the Documentation component, use one of these sandboxes:
```

> [![Edit dc-with-all-render-engines](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/derberg/dc-demo-all-render-engines/tree/master/?fontsize=14) - All the render engines in action with navigation for multiple markdown files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Edit dc-with-all-render-engines](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/derberg/dc-demo-all-render-engines/tree/master/?fontsize=14) - All the render engines in action, with navigation for multiple Markdown files.
```

Reviewer: Navigation for multiple Markdown files? 🤔 What do you mean exactly?

> [![Edit dc-with-nav-and-metadata-support](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/derberg/dc-demo-nav-with-metadata-support/tree/master/?fontsize=14) - Plugins in action shown on markdown render engine and support for rendering content from frontmatter and extending navigation with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Edit dc-with-nav-and-metadata-support](https://codesandbox.io/static/img/play-codesandbox.svg)](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/derberg/dc-demo-nav-with-metadata-support/tree/master/?fontsize=14) - Plugins in action shown on the Markdown render engine. Support for rendering content from front matter and extending the UI navigation with it.
```
